I'm sick of being a video game! -I shout the console on the shelf- I always have to put up with the slobber of spoiled children on my controls, or the stupid comments of a fat geek who lives in his mother's basement! These losers are idiots, I hate them, they always believe themselves more than any of their kind for knowing the credits of my games, I would like to be a book. They do know how to have fun! They are always traveling from one place to another and their creative parents are highly respected geniuses, they welcome thousands of amazing characters such as Juan Pablo Castel, Lidenbrock, Alekséi Ivánovich, Demian, Gregorio Samsa and stop counting ... unlike me, that I can only boast of gorillas with ties and Italian plumbers, my life is an excessively machacón cliché, books do waver with unique and penetrating stories, books are read by lost adolescents, inveterate students of philosophy, poor devils and dreamers; I cannot boast of having such an audience, books enrich minds and soften souls, while I only feel that I kill the neurons of children. You are a lucky book!

All this was heard by the book very circumspect and it did not take long to respond, raised his voice and said:

-You don't know anything about video games! - This is an ordeal, people only read me to tell their friends that I'm better than the movie, nobody really understands me, they see thousands of complex words on my pages and they don't investigate, they pass them like Unnoticed, people give thousands of different concepts, messages and interpretations to my stories and they forget that I am just that, a story, so they confuse me a lot and I don't even know who I am! And you know very well how much that affects an existentialist! like me, Mr. Video game console! I wish I could be like you, and entertain the children, instead of boring them for having to read me to do a school essay, you make people happy, you amuse them, not me, I just accompany, make them think and depress, It is true that I also make my imagination fly, but sometimes I make it fly so high that Boom! It takes a nosedive and I turn great subjects into intellectuals, and nobody is more pedantic than an intellectual, not to mention the idiots who only take photos of me to upload them to their social networks and make themselves interesting, they are the worst, you don't know how lucky. you have a video game console.

The video game console made an irritated gesture of disapproval, suddenly the noise of the door being slammed against the wall was heard, while a child ran into the room, and with great fury he took his soccer ball and went to play games. the street articulating a smile from ear to ear, then, the video game console and the book began to talk about how lucky the soccer ball is, and they waited for it to arrive to destroy it with tricks and flattery since ... nothing confuses you More than a kind gesture from your enemy, right?

In those remote times, when it was enough to want one thing to have it, there lived a king who had beautiful daughters, especially the youngest, who was so beautiful that even the sun, which had seen so many things, marveled every time its rays they settled on the girl's face. Next to the royal palace stretched a large dark forest, and in it, under an old linden tree, a spring flowed. In the hottest hours, the little princess used to go to the forest and sit on the edge of the fountain. When she got bored with it, she began to play with a golden ball, throwing it into the air and catching it, with her hand, as she fell; it was her favorite toy.

It happened once that the ball, instead of falling on the little hand that the girl had raised, did so on the ground and, rolling, ended up in the water. The little princess followed her with her eyes, but the ball disappeared, because the spring was so deep, so deep, that you couldn't see the bottom of it. The girl began to cry; and she was growing stronger and stronger, unable to console herself, when she, in the midst of her lamentations, she heard a voice saying: "What's wrong with you, little princess? You cry as if to soften the stones!" The girl looked around her, searching for the source of that voice, and she discovered a frog poking its thick, ugly head from the surface of the water. "Ah! Is that you, old splasher?" she said she, "well I cry for my golden ball, which I dropped in the fountain." - "Calm down and don't cry anymore," replied the frog, "I can fix it. But what will you give me if I give you back your toy?" - "Whatever you want, my good frog," replied the girl, "my dresses, my pearls and precious stones; even the gold crown that I wear." But the frog replied: "I am not interested in your dresses, or your pearls and precious stones, or your gold crown; but if you are willing to love me, if you accept me as your friend and playmate; if you let me sit down table next to you and eat from your little gold plate and drink from your glass and sleep in your bed; if you promise me all this, I will go down to the bottom and bring you the golden ball. "-" Oh, yes! " she exclaimed, "I promise you all you want as long as you give me the ball back." But she thought to herself: What nonsense this little animal can think of! He has to be in the water with his fellow men, croak croak. How can you be a companion to people?

Having obtained the promise, the frog dove into the water, and after a while it came out again, swimming with long strides, with the ball in its mouth. She dropped it on the grass, and the little princess, mad with joy at seeing her beautiful toy again, picked it up and ran with it. "Wait, wait!" the frog yelled at him, "Take me with you; I can't catch up with you; I can't run as much as you!" But it was useless to yell and shout 'cro cro' with all her strength. The girl, ignoring her screams, kept running towards the palace, and she soon forgot about the poor frog, which she had no choice but to dive back into her pond.

The next day, while the little princess was at the table together with the King and all the courtiers, eating on her little gold plate, behold, please, click, please, click, it was heard that something was wearily climbing the marble stairs of the palace and, once upstairs, he knocked on the door: "Little Princess, the least of the little princesses, open me!" She ran to the door to see who was knocking and, when she opened it, she found the frog planted there. She slammed the door and returned to the table, filled with anxiety. When the King observed how her heart beat, she said to him: "My daughter, what are you afraid of? Is there a giant at the door who wants to take you away?" - "No", she replied, "it is not a giant, but a disgusting frog". - "And what does that frog want from you?" - "Oh, dear father! Yesterday I was in the forest playing next to the fountain, and the golden ball fell into the water. And while I was crying, the frog brought it to me. It would be my companion; but I never thought that he could get away from his pond. Now he's out there and he wants to come in. "Meanwhile, there was a second knock and a voice was heard saying:

    "Little princess, the youngest,
    Open me!
    Don't you know what
    Yesterday you told me
    Next to the cool fountain?
    Little princess, the youngest,
    Open me! "

2971 / 5000
Resultados de traducción
Then the King said: "What you promised you must fulfill. Go and open the door for him." The girl went to open it, and the frog leaped into her and followed her to her chair. As the princess sat down, the frog stood at her feet and yelled at her: "Put me on your chair!" The little princess hesitated, but the King ordered her to do so. From the chair, the animal wanted to go to the table, and, already settled on it, he said: "Now bring me your little gold plate so that we can eat together." The girl pleased her, but it was clear to her that she was reluctantly obeying. The frog was gobbling it up with ease, while the princess choked on all her bites. Finally, the beast said: "Oh! I'm full and I feel tired; take me to your room and fix your silk bed: we will sleep together." The little princess began to cry; she disgusted that cold creature, which she did not even dare to touch; and behold, she now she insisted on sleeping in her bed. But the King angrily told her: "You must not despise the one who helped you when you were in need." So he took it with two fingers, carried it upstairs, and placed it in a corner. But when he had already gone to bed, she leapt over the frog and exclaimed: "I'm tired and I want to sleep as well as you; so get me on your bed, or I'll tell your father." The little princess ran out of patience, she picked up the frog from the ground and, with all her strength, threw it against the wall: "Now you will rest, you disgusting!"

But as soon as the frog fell to the ground, he stopped being a frog, and became a prince, a handsome prince with beautiful eyes and sweet eyes. And the King accepted him as his daughter's companion and husband. He then told her that an evil witch had enchanted him, and that no one but she could disenchant him and bring him out of the pool; He told him that the next day they would go to his kingdom. They slept, and in the morning, when the sun woke them, a chariot pulled by eight white horses arrived, adorned with plumes of white ostrich feathers and gold chains. Behind stood the young King's servant, the faithful Henry. This loyal servant had felt such pain when he saw his master transformed into a frog that he had three iron rings placed around his heart to prevent it from exploding with pain and sadness. The chariot was to lead the young King to his kingdom. The faithful Enrique accommodated the couple in it and mounted the rear box; He was overjoyed at the lord's deliverance from him.

When they had gone part of the way, the prince heard a bang behind him, as if something were breaking. Turning around, he said:

    "Enrique, the car explodes!"
    "No, it is not the car that is failing,
    It is a ring of my heart,
    That has been full of affliction
    While you lived in the fountain
    Turned into a frog. "

For the second and third time that click was heard on the way, and the prince always believed that the carriage was breaking; but they were nothing but the hoops that jumped from the heart of faithful Henry when he saw his master redeemed and happy. 

Rana's son, Rinrín Tadpole, He came out this morning very stiff and very nice With shorts, fashionable tie, taped hat and wedding suit. He gestured and plump, he left. He found a neighboring mouse on the road, and said to him: - «Friend !, come with me,« Let's visit Dona Ratona together «And there will be a feast and there will be a feast». Mouse, Stretch your neck, take the knocker, Give two or three blows, they ask: "Who is it?" - "I, Dona Ratona, kiss your feet." "Are you at home?" - «Yes, sir, yes I am;« And I am very happy to see you today; "I was in my trade, spinning cotton," But that doesn't matter; They are welcome. "They bowed, shook hands, and Ratico, who is more veteran, says: -" My friend the green heat rage, "Give me beer, do me a favor." consumes the jug The lady sent the guitar and asked Renacuajito to sing Joyful verses, an elegant tune. "And this new clothes makes me tighten a lot." - "I'm so sorry, answers Aunt Rat," Loosen your vest and tie a little, "And in the meantime I'm going to sing you" A very particular little song. " dance and beer, guitar and song, La Gata and her Cats save the threshold, And that becomes the final judgment. The old Doña Gata carved by the ear the child Ratico meowing: "Hello!" And the children Cats to the old Rat One by the leg and another by the tail Don Renacuajito watching this assault He took his hat, gave a tremendous jump, And opening the door with hand and nose, He was giving everyone "very happy nights." And he kept jumping so high and fast, That he lost his hat, tore his shirt, He slipped into the mouth of a greedy duck And this one swallowed him up And so they concluded, one, two, and three, Mouse and Mouse, and the Frog later; The Cats ate and the Duck ate dinner, and Mommy Frog was left alone!

Simón el Bobito called the pastry chef: - "Let's see the cakes! I want to try them!" - "Yes," replied the other, "but first I want to" See that pint with which you have to pay. " Good Simoncito's pockets And he said: - "Really! I don't have a single one." Simon Bobito likes fish And he wants to become a fisherman too, And he spends his hours sitting, sitting, Fishing in Mama Leonor's bucket. Simoncito did. A cake of snow And to roast on the embers hungry he threw it, But the cake fell apart shortly, And he put out the embers and he ate nothing. Simon saw some thistles carrying plums And he said: - "Good! I'm going to catch them." But worse than needles and spur points, they made him jump and whistle and bite. He washed himself with black shoes because his mother didn't give him soap, And when cats hunted mice He scared the cat screaming: Mouse! One day milking the painted cow He squeezed its tail instead of the nipple; And, here with the cow! He gave it such a kick that Don Simón danced like a trumpet. About the calf And dona calf got angry too, And here goes another jump and another kick And two wallows in a jiffy. She got on a donkey that she found in the market And she left to hunt happy deer, She flew through the streets without seeing a deer, She rolled around. The stones and the donkey ran away. Taita Lucio sent it to buy a loin, And he brought it home with great caution Hanging on the tail of a white horse So that it would arrive clean and tasty. The ice was just starting to curdle Simón el Bobito went skating, When suddenly the ground broke And yelled: - «I'm drowning! Come and get me out!» Climbing a tree to steal a nest, The poor little house of A singing blackbird ... Let go of the tree, Simon screeches, And fell into a foul-smelling well. He sees a duck, points at him, unloads the blunderbuss; And coming home he said to Dad: - «Taita, I don't I can kill a bird "Because when I shoot it gets scared and goes away." Seeing a sauce boat full of mustard, He took a good drink believing it was honey, And he was raging and drooling With a big tongue and carnation eyes. step, And some asked: «What are we going to do here?» .- «Fools! said the boy solving the case;« Let them open a big hole and throw it there. »They sent him for water, and he was flying. to throw it into him: So bring it good Simoncito He will follow his colorful and faithful story.
